---
title: TBD
subtitle: where does this show
---
# TBD
## something goes here
what can I write about?



- USDC transfer for zero fees (boring but clickbaity)
- non-lucrative visa (premature, haven't successfully gotten it)
- exploring niches (interesting tidbits that I'm not pursuing)
- streaming? (nothing much here)
- EIR (way too early?)
- difficulty of downtime ("the other downtime")
- retrospective? -- somewhat promising... first 6 months?

pretty revealing though
in general have to figure out the relationship between the blog
and freelancing clients/professional contacts
vulnerability builds a following, facade can build legitimacy
to do both requires becoming legitimately impressive, almost 'always-on'

if blog is only something that I do occasionally, might be best to
just write about stuff that I found interesting or significant events
once they are complete

- chess study vs. just spamming matches?
- considering an LLC (pros, cons)

root of the problem is still the audience question
but also finding that leaving many things unfinished doesn't lend itself
to blog posting

what do I want? I think I would prefer using the blog to find
interesting people to connect with...
first post is not perfect for that
what would be good for that?
impressive and particular achievements are hard-to-fake signal
I need to actually accomplish stuff first
can probably string together some interesting thoughts but need
to be topical, niche, or valuable for them to get any traction

should i think about blog targeting as the same kind of niche-finding?
probably yes
i can talk about some of my biggest regrets as a dev? thats pretty
uncomfortable though (could legitimately look bad) -- only plays well
after recognition

probably should talk about small programming projects I've done?
is this a good reason to start doing them? maybe... been meaning to spend
more time on raw skills lately
but mainly want web dev sharpness
maybe a touch of data science/ML?

does that turn this into a net loss labor of love kind of thing though?
probably don't have time for such projects...

also... this refers back to the 'known quantity' problem I am going to have
now that I am not on the typical career path and don't seem to follow
same incentives/motivations as expected

I will benefit from being more of a 'known quantity', but don't want to
sacrifice the important parts of the change.

EIR is a nice middle-ground, definitely grants legitimacy. But is it just
another job at the end of the day? Maybe a much better job...
but will mean acquiescing to the idea that I won't start my own thing
for several more years potentially

And how does Spain fit into all of this?
going to be quite the shock potentially...
Spanish is exciting but daunting, can consider getting a tutor but we are
still incredibly busy

If Spain & EIR are incompatible, then that implies I must pursue
bootstrapped path in the meantime. Freelancing on the side can be lucrative
in the right niche (Solana) but is far from guaranteed. Need to drum up
more exposure to get more clients. Testimonials will be helpful but only to
convert prospects to clients. Organic inbound is unlikely.

In-person crypto events are probably an awesome way to collect leads.
Superteam might be okay but seems pretty highly geared toward India
and doesn't offer much comp.

Need warm intros to maintain hourly similar to what I'm charging now.
Probably need snazzier frontends as well? More traditional marketing site?
Miiiight be only relevant for organic inbound but not sure how current one
affects my legitimacy. Looks nice to me and performance is a big plus, but
definitely light on content. Only works as a supplement.

Should I try to partner with someone? Would be looking for a deep network
and maybe FE? Could see what Anmol could connect me to.

Should probably reach out to Bruno one more time, could be a 'hub-like'
connection.

Aside from crypto how can I generate warm leads?
Been asking a lot from Kevin recently, shouldn't ask for more unless
there is something I can offer him.
Carta co-workers could be helpful but it's just been a while.
Reach out to Sam? Esther? Igor? Alan? David?
Andrew & Ryley might be helpful but sounds like they don't really
have their contracting shit figured out (one client)

Once I'm in Spain, that impacts my value proposition as a freelancer...
Might be able to avoid mentioning it and just scheduling meetings on
non-Spain time. My working hours don't really matter since comms won't
be in real-time?

Could also lean more heavily into my Django experience. Full effort play
might be: open-source contributions, SEO analysis + blog posts,
video content. Could potentially get some organic inbound.
Not sure who would be looking specifically for a Django developer non FT

Is there an avenue toward passive income from deep Django contribution?
Sponsors are weak but maybe a template? Think the path is to 'consultant'

Django consultant would be lucrative but would require serious rep.
Would need to provide value around quickly evaluating an existing Django
app for:
- performance
- security
- architecture

and make direct contributions or recommendations in a snazzy report.
That could actually be really fun but means I need to get way more serious
about Django and brush up on skills.

How can I 'known quantity' my Django skills? Open source contributions
are good, but speaking engagement would actually be massive... what is
the road to that? Start going to meetups myself? At least research them.
Maybe pick out a few soft targets and do those? Then use those as rep for
bigger ones?

Blog posts with good SEO are of course good as well. Ranking on HN once
or twice would be dope for traffic, maybe not necessary for rep.

Separate twitter account specifically for Django tips?

Underlying issue here is that Python is less 'cool' and Django is seen as
wasteful/not a hardcore programmer's tool. If I can figure out some clever
ways to get great performance that might be cool. Also... any way to
make Django polyglot with WASM? Could be an interesting avenue for an OS
project. -- anyway, might have to 'suck it up' and just focus on the
depth of the problems/solutions as the 'cool part'. metaclasses and db
views for currency context/db sharding was pretty cool

Is this incongruent with the rest of my personal branding though?
If organic inbound comes in for Django content, that needs to be
featured more prominently on my personal site as well.
Having a more visual Django project would be great. (video like Max)

Takeaways so far:
- contact Anmol about helping with contract work leads
- follow-up w/ Bruno
- get up to speed on latest in Django-land, do some SEO posts

NOTE: also need some way to grow FE/design, Typescript, and Rust
makes me wonder about growing toward an agency instead...

All of this is focused on building a more formidable base of non-W2
revenue. That extends runway significantly but of course doesn't touch
long-term biz goal.

Can be seen as keeping the tech side sharp? And making good use of
inevitable downtime. But need a better plan for biz as well.

Is it necessary/beneficial to hard-commit to startup once idea seems
validated? Probably not. Should continue to push stable rev sources
independently and only scale back as the startup idea demonstrates PMF.

Liking the idea of selling an add-on in a marketplace more and more as a
way to de-risk/timebox the commitment. Only issue is that the application
process probably sucks... and not really any way to mitigate that without
paying to interface with a dedicated support rep or similar. This is not
a dealbreaker though.

This brings up another thought. Right now, my capital is burning due to
bear market, inflation, and supporting my own lifestyle. My lifestyle is
sufficiently cheap given circumstances, and the other two are somewhat
out of my control. Bear market sucks but I do have ~45k cash which is
enough for the visa and a regular lifestyle in Spain for a year.
NOTE: probably should make estimated tax payments quarterly? :(

However, figuring out better ways to use the capital to help the startup
probably make a LOT more sense if I can identify them. What do people
spend on?

- paying salaries
- paying freelancers/contractors *
- paying a personal assistant (remote/virtual often)
- buying ads *
- discounts/literal free money for signups
- buying equipment
- server hosting *
- SaaS tool subscriptions (including SEO tools) *
- buying market research? (not sure if this is worthless)
- renting an office (ridiculous for my situation)
- going to networking events *

Nothing seems obvious to put capital into pre-idea. But once I start
on an idea, paying contractors for things like logos and FE design
seems plausible. Also if the product is consumer-facing, need to
get hosting discounts or prepare for that to scale. Buying ads also
makes plenty of sense, probably paired with SEO tools. Networking events
are likely worth it for vertical SaaS, also the idea of throwing my own
could work with sponsors and a small budget. Can definitely get creative
and make it a fun hangout, doesn't have to be a bland warehouse/ballroom
event.

Takeaway:
- keep chugging on market research
- once idea comes, don't drop everything else. show designs to customers -> MVP -> iterate and look for PMF